>> Stephen: HEY, WELCOME BACK,
EVERYBODY!
IN A LITTLE BIT, I'LL BE SITTING
DOWN WITH FIRST LADY MICHELLE
OBAMA.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EVERYBODY LIKES HER.
EVERYBODY LIKES THIS WOMAN, EVEN
THOUGH SHE IS MOST FAMOUS FOR
TELLING PEOPLE TO EAT THEIR
VEGETABLES.
IT'S INCREDIBLE.
FOR EIGHT YEARS AT HOME AND
ABROAD, SHE HAS PROVIDED A VOICE
FOR EVERY AMERICAN WHO WANTED TO
TELL THE REST OF THE WORLD "SEE?
WE'RE NOT ALL CRAZY."
THE FIRST LADY IS HERE TO TALK
ABOUT "LET GIRLS LEARN," HER
PROGRAM TO PROMOTE EDUCATION FOR
YOUNG WOMEN ALL ACROSS THE
GLOBE.
NOW, THIS MIGHT COME AS A SHOCK
TO A LOT OF YOU, BUT I AM NOT A
GIRL.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT A LOT OF IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN
MY LIFE-- MY DAUGHTER, MY WIFE,
MY MOTHER-- THEY WERE ALL ONCE
GIRLS.
AND I CAN TELL YOU, I'M GLAD
THEY HAD ACCESS TO EDUCATION.
OF COURSE, I DID GO TO SCHOOL,
AND I LEARNED A LOT WHILE
GROWING UP.
BUT THERE ARE TIMES THAT I MISS
THE INNOCENCE OF BEING A CHILD.
I WISH THERE WAS A PLACE I COULD
GO WHERE EVERYTHING I KNEW WHEN
I WAS A CHILD WAS STILL TRUE.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
THERE IS.
MY BLANKET FORT.
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
HAD.
>> Stephen: HEY, HEY, ARE YOU
STILL WEAK?
>> OH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YEAH.
>> Stephen: HEY, MICHELLE?
>> WHAT?
>> Stephen: NOTHIN'.
( LAUGHTER )
>> HEY, STEPHEN?
>> Stephen: HEY, YEAH?
>> IF YOU GOT STUCK ON A DESERT
ISLAND WITH ONE FAMOUS PERSON,
WHO WOULD YOU PICK?
>> Stephen: OH, I'D PICK THE
PRESIDENT.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
>> BEYONCE.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
CAN I CHANGE TO BEYONCE?
>> NO.
SHE'S MINE.
>> Stephen: CAN I VISIT?
>> MAYBE.
>> Stephen: HEY, MICHELLE?
DO YOU THINK FRUITS AND
VEGETABLES HAVE FEELINGS?
>> GOSH, I HOPE NOT.
I EAT WAY TOO MANY OF THEM.
>> Stephen: HEY, CAN I HAVE
ONE OF YOUR BABY CARROTS?
>> YEAH, THEY'RE GREAT.
( LAUGHTER )
HEY, DID YOU KNOW THAT IF YOU
EAT TOO MANY CARROTS YOU TURN
ORANGE?
>> REALLY?
>> Stephen: YEAH.
AND IF YOU TURN REALLY ORANGE,
YOU HAVE TO START SAYING CRAZY
THINGS AND RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> HEY, STEPHEN, WHAT DO YOU
THINK ADULTS DO ALL DAY WHILE
WE'RE AT SCHOOL?
>> Stephen: OH, THEY GO TO
WORK.
>> AND WHAT DO THEY DO AT WORK?
>> Stephen: I THINK THEY DRINK
WINE AND WATCH R-RATED MOVIES.
>> HEY, WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BE
WHEN YOU GROW UP?
>> Stephen: OH, I THINK I WANT
TO GO TO HARVARD AND BE A LAWYER
AND A WRITER AND AN ADVOCATE FOR
NUTRITION AND MILITARY FAMILIES
AND GIRLS' EDUCATION.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
>> I WANT TO BE JOE BIDEN.
OR A PIRATE.
>> Stephen: OH!
OR A PIRATE JOE BIDEN!
RRRR.
GET OFF ME-- GET OFF ME TRAIN!
>> Stephen: THAT'S PRETTY
GOOD, JOE BIDEN MICHELLE OBAMA
PIRATE.
>> YOU WANT TO SEE SOMETHING
SPOOKY?
>> YEAH.
>> OH, MY GOSH!
DON'T DO THAT!
IT'S NOT FUNNY!
>> Stephen: HEY, OW, OW!
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WHEN I GROW UP I'M
GOING TO BE PRESIDENT SO I'LL
HAVE THE SECRET SERVICE STOPE
YOU FROM DOING THAT TO ME.
HEY, MICHELLE, WHY DO WE HAVE TO
TAKE THE PRESIDENTIAL PHYSICAL
FITNESS TEST?
WHY ASK HE CARE HOW MANY SIT-UPS
I CAN DO?
>> PROBABLY BECAUSE HE'S SUPER
COMPETITIVE.
>> I HEARD SOME TEACHERS HAVE
THEIR OWN KIDS AT HOME.
>> REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> HOW DO THEY GET THEM?
>> Stephen: I HEAR THEY PICK
THE ONES THEY LIKE BEST FROM
LAST YEAR'S CLASS.
>> Stephen: HEY, MICHELLE, DO
YOU KNOW WHERE BABIES COME FROM?
>> YOU SHOULD ASK A GROWN-UP.
>> Stephen: WHY?
>> BECAUSE THEY GET REALLY
FLUFTURED WHEN YOU ASK AND THEY
START STUTTERING.
THEY'RE LIKE, "OH, WELL..."
IT'S THE FUNNIEST THING IN THE
WHOLE WORLD.
YOU GOTTA SEE IT.
>> Stephen: I'M GOING TO DO
THAT.
>> HEY, STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: YEAH.
>> IF YOU GOT ONE WISH WHAT
WOULD IT BE?
>> Stephen: I'M NOT TELLING
UNLESS YOU TELL.
>> WELL, I'M NOT TELLING UNLESS
YOU TELL.
>> Stephen: OKAY, LET'S COUNT TO
THREE AND SAY THEM AT THE SAME
TIME.
>> OKAY.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
IMPROVE ACCESS TO EDUCATION FOR
THE 62 MILLION GIRLS WORLDWIDE
WHO ARE NOT IN SCHOOL!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> JINX!
MAO YOU CAN'T TALK UNTIL I SAY
YOUR NAME, STEPHEN!
>> Stephen: THAT COUNTS!
MY FRIEND CAN MICHELLE OBAMA,
EVERYBODY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.